Friday 10-31
How to answer “Tell me about yourself”:
Success – Accomplishments
Strength – Character (ability to communicate)
	Give personable characteristics not just technical skills
	Have an example (really quick. 2 sentences)
Situation – Where have you been, what are you doing, what are you looking for
Job, School
		Don’t have to name specific places
	Give 5 year plan non specific
Looking for position where I can learn from a team and be challenged. Learn new skills. Work with a mentor. (almost too generic)
	Turn into conversation

This will answer why they should hire you

POJO- (Plain Old Java Object) is a simple Java object that is not tied to any specific framework and is primarily used to represent data

(OOP) Object Oriented Programming

APIE:
Abstraction- The process of hiding the complex implementation details and showing only the
essential features of an object to the user
	Think whatever is inside you don’t know what’s going on. Black Box.
Polymorphism- In the constructors. Many Forms. Allowing a single action to be performed in
different ways.
Inheritance- Using one class to Extend another.
Animal -> dog. Dog IS-AN animal. Extend animal to create a dog. All properties of animal a dog has all those things.
Animal -> dog ->Doberman
	        |----> Shepard
Animal is base/parent class.
By default You cannot have two parent classes. You can trick the environment to allow this. You can make different interfaces (has no fields. It’s a way to say this object will have these methods. ) to trick environments.
Interface does not contain values. Only contains methos signatures. Void main parameter list.
Encapsulation- Limit the amount of access that anything can interact with a value/variable.
	Think having a gumball machine. You can see what’s inside, but you can’t touch it.

The L in SOLID
S-
O-
L- Liskov Substitution Principle
	I can provide the dog as an animal as well as cat
	in IMammal I can replace mammal with different types of animals
	As long as whatever im using is that interface I can change the class.
I-
D-


in abstract file we have to define abstract methods when being extended in another class
We gain the concrete methods within the abstract file to but it will have a default method that you do not have to redefine
I will have a mammal that i can fulfill with a dog or cat because the only requirements that they have is to giveBirth





